Create release notes for 7.6 (#1597)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: release_notes/topics/product/7_6.adoc

security key supports Resident Keys. For more details, see the link:{adminguide_link}#_webauthn_loginless[{adminguide_name}].

== Session limits

{project_name} now supports limits on the number of sessions a user can have. Limits can be placed at the realm level or at the client level.

For more details, see the link:{adminguide_link}#_user_session_limits[{adminguide_name}].

== SAML ECP Profile is disabled by default

To mitigate the risk of abusing SAML ECP Profile, {project_name} now blocks
this flow for all SAML clients that do not allow it explicitly. The profile
can be enabled using _Allow ECP Flow_ flag within client configuration,
see  link:{adminguide_link}#_client-saml-configuration[{adminguide_name}].

== Other improvements

* Account console alignments with latest PatternFly release.
* Support for encrypted User Info endpoint response.
* Support for the algorithm RSA-OAEP with A256GCM used for encryption keys.
* Support for login with GitHub Enterprise server.

= Existing technology preview features

The following features continue to be in a Technology Preview status:

* Cross-site data replication

> * RH-SSO Operator

Reviewer: The Operator is no longer a preview.

* Token exchange

* Fine-grained authorization permissions

= Removed or deprecated features

These features have a change in status:

> * The `podDisruptionBudget` field in the Keycloak CR is deprecated and will be ignored when the Operator is deployed on Kubernetes version 1.25 and higher. As a workaround, see the link:{upgradingguide_link}#rh_sso_7_6[{upgradingguide_name}].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `podDisruptionBudget` field in the Keycloak CR is deprecated and will be ignored when the Operator is deployed on OCP 4.12 and higher. As a workaround, see the link:{upgradingguide_link}#rh_sso_7_6[{upgradingguide_name}].
```

* The Spring Boot Adapter is deprecated and will not be included in the 8.0 and higher versions of RH-SSO. This adapter will be maintained during the lifecycle of RH-SSO 7.x. Users are urged to migrate to Spring Security to integrate their Spring Boot applications with RH-SSO.
* Installation from an RPM is deprecated. Red Hat Single Sign-On will continue to deliver RPMs for the life of the 7.x product, but will not deliver RPMs with the next major version. The product will continue to support installation from a ZIP file and installation on OpenShift.
* Red Hat Single Sign-On for OpenShift on Eclipse OpenJ9 is deprecated.  However, Red Hat Single Sign-On on OpenShift will now support all platforms (x86, IBM Z, and IBM Power Systems) as documented in the https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_single_sign-on/7.6/html/red_hat_single_sign-on_for_openshift/index[Red Hat Single Sign-On for OpenShift Guide]. 
For more details on this change, see link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/6744521[Java Change in PPC and s390x OpenShift Images].
* Authorization Services Drools Policy has been removed.

> * Upload of scripts through admin rest endpoints/console is deprecated. It will be removed at a future release.

Reviewer 2: I think that this line should be removed. As mentioned on line 81, the `upload-script` feature has been already removed, so it is not deprecated anymore.

Author: Thanks, @mposolda.  We have already published the documentation.  We can republish if needed or could this wait till 7.6.1?
